You see how stupid this bottle is
A good horse with a good saddle
My official family is not like some people
What kind of stall goods do you want to use as a national treasure to support the market?
This bottle was specially customized for the old lady
Private customization
Worth 20 million
Only one noble quality in this world
To be worthy of the noble status of Glory Sendai
Oops, personal order.
Okay, Miss Guan has a heart
What's wrong with grandma
This color doesn't seem to be as clear as the legend
It's normal for a fetish to look like this wine.
You can only taste it in the mouth
Like the counterfeit from New January just now.
This color is so clear
No matter how strong the fragrance is
It's also a fake wine mixed with flavor
I see
What Miss Guan said makes sense.
Haha, Guan Qianqian, right?
You just said
This wine is only good for Great Xia
The big names at the top
To drink
Then I ask you
Does your official family have this qualification?
Since you have to get to the bottom of it
Then I'll let you die.
I'm sure everyone here has a guess.
What is the background behind my official family?
Let me tell you
Behind my official family is humble
My eldest brother is going to Sui Qian to go to Beilie this time.
Go to the adults first to see that my official family is doing things profitably
Give me the glory of Sendai
Give it to my big brother as a congratulatory gift.